but we do have
13 now but I I don't know what's going
on with this live stream
it is not working like normal so if it
is going weird
I'm sorry
um
it is not
allowing me to monetize it it's not
allowing me to do anything
I don't know if it's like punishing me
for doing too much or something
did that baby get out of the egg
yeah
I think so there's somebody whose head
was stuck in an egg for a while
I sound tired I just woke up I haven't
talked yet
um
can anyone tell me do you always know
who hashed or did that shut off
beforehand
[Music]
oh my God you're so sweet thank you
see what we've got going on this morning
guys I have no idea who's who
we've got a one hatching right now we do
Train's trying to zip which one did
sooner
oh right there yeah
when did it shut off you guys
an hour ago
[Music]
got one hatching right here
maybe an hour hour and a half okay I
think it's a guy who looks like the most
wet that's all split I think he's just
really famous
getting his legs
don't seem to be pretty zippy
absolutely yeah
faster than
the unit over here says 76 so uh I can't
tell that guy's standing on it 80
it did not
[Music]
it's just in there so
I'm sorry buddy it was moving this
morning but
trying to get the light going you guys
I'm sorry for the movement
it doesn't have to get any therapy yeah
same
thing well I'm already in therapy so I
was talking to my therapist about it
you need more bedding you think no no
still kicking it around we should throw
a light on these guys too
we've still got a bit though since we're
gonna wait for spot to hatch
I guess this is a new life sorry about
my voice I haven't um talked yet today
it has not hatched yet
um
we've got one hatching right now if you
guys would like to see this guy right
here
is coming out probably within the next
I don't know how long but I see quite a
bit of movement
so this morning we are going to move
everybody to the brooder
turn actually
we did
oh we're gonna move everybody this
morning
and we're gonna wait for Splat to hatch
what we're gonna try to do
in any way that we can set our kiddo up
with something that makes him calm
we're gonna get this room
fully ready brooder ready
food and water and everything ready
go fast so that we don't shrink wrap any
of the other eggs but I think we might
be getting to the point where
all right I'm gonna go no you did not
hatch okay
um
[Music]
all right I'm gonna go out and get
everything ready
spot's been trying for ages oh
really like how long I'd apply because
we're holding off putting everybody else
in the brooder because
come on
a few hours at least
Christina um
how do you fix that I'll Google it
obviously but
keep the legs together
he's sipping right now yeah I'm sipping
this is the one everyone's talking about
by the way
[Music]
excuse me
excuse me yeah he's zipping now so that
one's like oh I see some moving her hair
and help you out all right everybody I'm
gonna go
um make some coffee so I don't sound
like this we're gonna get this room
humid
we're gonna
do some things to get ready thank you
for uh moving babies and uh I gotta go
help my kitten because he's whining
oh
okay
[Music]
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
okay
[Music]
foreign
start coming
I don't know which one was you see the
one that's zipping right now
okay oh it's that one
[Music]
it's flipped completely upside down
yes
I need to go flip the chickens water
and food with the new dishes so I can
give the quail to these ones
oh I will
soon
as well
under
what does it say inside
it says 99.9 oh my God
I have to run outside to say right here
on the chair
okay
we gotta do it right now
the Peeping sorry guys uh we have an
alarm set on that
so if the temperature drops or the
humidity drops too much
uh we're not opening it yet we're
getting there
router set up completely it's been
partially set up but we're just putting
the food in the water in
making sure the heat light is at the
right distance first for
now we're gonna leave it there for
25 minutes
try to let this guy hatch first I don't
want to open that incubator when when
it's like in the process of matching
because he can dry out
no it's not on purpose it's just because
we slept
but it's still within range according to
according to the farm they bought it
from
we watched the video if you guys want to
watch it or uh YouTube is my shower of
arms and
they have a whole playlist of like okay
thank you quail
but he said uh in the video
between 60 and 80 humidities fine that's
kind of where you want to be
for this stage of hatching
foreign
so we're kind of waiting for him to
to figure it out splat
once he can get out of that egg then
we're gonna
transfer all the other babies and leave
them in there for 24.
24 hours
plates uh is that like braided for Steve
as well I don't know how they're doing
it
because she does what
we both play games
thank you
foreign
ers
oh thank you
very much
um that's okay
so are any of you guys gonna go out and
get quail
now after watching off of this
yeah
foreign
Julie's ready all right
good Julie Caitlyn's ready for him
oh man
13 we're waiting on spot for 14.
well
it's a good thing about them well
there's a lot of good things about them
but the main like draw for people is
that
most cities don't have rules
specifically against them so even cities
that say you're not allowed to have
chickens you can usually have quails
because they don't really categorize
them
so if you wanted to you can and they
sound
like every other bird
so your neighbors wouldn't really get
pissed off now the roosters aren't very
loud
um
stuff
[Music]
if you could hatch so I could move
everybody else that would be awesome
thank you
[Music]
foreign
thank you
people
foreign
[Music]
firstborn
gotcha my dinner was born
[Music]
foreign
thank you
the chicken will hurt him right no no
just not it's not ideal alone
signs
I don't know what the dark arts like
that
um
probably under the feet
here
and guess what
school is nice
Quail not very smart you can
kind of draw them to it yep
[Music]
Discord says grind up the crumbles for
the babies
I'm gonna add a little bit of chicken in
because the chicken stuff is like
powdery
to get them some start right now
it'll be fine
you have the rocks in there
those little lava rocks were good
[Music]
it's buffering
okay so I don't know
what to do you guys
because
then we gotta leave Splat in here all by
himself huh you gotta leave them for 24
hours
[Music]
I think what I'm gonna do
okay I think what we're gonna do
is I will take
these big guys here
oh Lola has two hours ago where's
where's Loa do you guys know
[Music]
I will take the ones that are obviously
fluffy and fully dry
I'll take the fluffiest oldest six out
[Music]
okay chill guys
whoever is wet nobody looks wet except
for newbie and splayed legs over here
that one looks kind of wet
so yeah
oh
loa's the one with the struggle feet
yeah
[Music]
the yellow
the yellow on the left I think Dwight
might be on the left yellow and left and
Dwight was last night
so I'll take
[Music]
the fact that this that the fact that
they sleep like this is that's what
chickens look like when they're dead
so that is just criminal I hate that I
hate it so much it's really cute but
it's like a man
do I didn't have to know which of it so
leave them okay
it's so hard to know
[Music]
Doug was last night
move the biggest six in the fluffiest
okay
[Music]
so we're just gonna move the biggest
we're not going to move all of them
[Music]
yeah and we're also going to leave like
Dwight and
um doug because they hatched last night
I will tell you guys
if this makes you feel any better
we watched a video from a quail dude
last night who I think he still did we
bought these from
and
um
they said that some people
move them at 12 hours so I'm at 24 some
at 48. so it's really a personal
preference and this guy said that he
just noticed the best success when he
when he does it at
24. so it's not that you can't move them
before 24. it's that he recommends not
so you can
pull out some shells again I'm going to
try to make this process fast so we
don't shrink wrap any other eggs that
might protected
yeah I'm just gonna take babies
[Music]
should be moved to the brooder between 6
and 48 Hours the important thing is to
make sure they are totally dry first
yeah so that's really what I'm going to
be concerned about taking the fully dry
guys
kind of look like they're fluffed up and
ready
your wife Chris and you're all like that
after they had
chocolate out and curled Tasha we will
do our best to make sure that's not the
case but yes they can absolutely look
like they're going to be fine and then
just don't make it but a lot of them
will probably this is a this is a much
better life for them like think about
this
they would put this baby
in a crate to go in the into USPS mail
right now
if that were a chicken
they would put them in like this maybe
as soon as they had as soon as they
hatch they're in a box and in USPS mail
so
these guys have a significantly better
start to their life than they would ever
have if they were sent
you might ask yourself
United States Postal Service
it makes us realize
I think the thing that doing this has
done
um
is make us way more aware of how things
actually happen
um so
this is why we're doing egg hatching
instead of any sort of shipping method
you know what happens to the
do you know what happens to baby boys
right I sure do
yeah that's what we're trying to get
we're trying to just get out of it we're
done with it
seems like a much more positive
experience
oh this has been wonderful
and these guys staying warm think it'll
be with each other maybe keep them in
the incubator running for 16 days uh
yeah we put them into lockdown which is
what this is called on day 15.
I'd like some curly toes are common
deformity there are ways to help them
once they're in the brooder physical
therapy we'll do all whatever we've got
to do
any loss none so far
yes Abby
ready
is it warm enough
um it's not as warm as the Fritter but
I just want to shock them can you bring
that light down at all or something
about as far as it can go
it's also still going out it is
then let's give it a minute these guys
are going to be okay for 15 more minutes
you know
but this plate is also one is it hot it
is
really hot
I haven't tilted so they can kind of
already
make sure that we dip all our beans okay
dip every single one yes
yes I need to make sure that I know that
everybody knows what water is not having
any more of that
yeah this is gonna be fine look 92.5
already it's gonna be okay guys we're
gonna go out make a cup of coffee
that let's do the brooder heat up it's
right here if you guys would like to see
I'll show you I'll flip you around and
show you what we're looking at if you
guys would like to see it let's do them
better
separator set up
you can show them what it looks like you
want to show them around
here I just yeah point so this is a
burger plate
um it kind of acts like how
um the mom would I guess and they can go
underneath and it's hot on the top so
they can lay down underneath this and
that's hot we're doing this light as
well for supplemental heat just for the
first few days in case I don't know the
chickens our chickens didn't go under
the brooder plate they went under it
um we couldn't like get the happy medium
for them all like they would go under it
and then it's like oh I think it's too
high because they're standing under it
and then we'd lower it and then they
couldn't figure out how to get under and
it's like okay well that's too low but
The Notches are only so
I don't know so there's only so much you
can do with it
um so we put a light with our chickens
and that worked they're fine I'm sure it
would have been fine without the light
but where would like to be prepared so
we have two waters in here with
electrolytes in them
um
called like save a chick so we're doing
that
just preemptively that way we don't have
to save a chick
um and then Chrissy put a little bit of
the chicken feed and some of the game
birds started in here in one big tray
we're not doing two feeders
um like we did with the chickens because
apparently I'll have a hard time
anything
one side is higher on the brooder plate
than the other it's like at a tilt yeah
it's light tilt
um I tried to make it as close to what I
would think it coil which might be
comfortable I don't know they're so tiny
that it like looks like it's touching
the ground but yeah so that's gonna be
like just something that we watch and if
they're all huddled under it all the
time and we need to lower it and if they
don't go under it at all then we need to
raise it
it's just going to be a work in progress
especially with how quick they grow
that's like a constant thing that you
need to be adjusting
and we're not going to close the top
right away you don't have to the
chickens I'll show you the chickens for
anyone oh yeah you guys can see the
chicken too ready they're huge
I'll just do it through the side you see
the chickens have their top clothes
because they're so big now that they
they want to jump out
yes please sorry
sorry for the shaky cam guys
all right here's chickens
you guys are getting so big
they are huge by the way these guys are
at least
six times the size
yeah they're not acting scared right
they're not scared of me us being in
here for the live stream has made them
way less scared which is awesome
yeah isn't that nice these guys this
these guys I think we've had for
almost
three weeks
so that's it that's three weeks old
yeah and they grow freaking fast
and these guys look really good they're
loving their
look these are their new watering and
food I just put them in here today for
this time they had we gave the quail
theirs so yeah these are the ones from
USPS shipping five of them died
immediately we bought 12 this is seven
remaining
Yep they're getting their big girl
feathers
uh neither
um I don't know what they are but I
didn't buy either Barneys or copper
Marans I want a copper so bad I
want two or three of them because their
eggs are beautiful
yeah we're gonna do deep litter I
um right in here I've been changing out
there bedding and God it's like I can
change it out and by the end of the day
it looks like I never did
so yeah then here's the quail and then
the rest of the room is just like empty
so but this is
this is what little babies are gonna
live in it looks absolutely huge
compared to these tiny little babies but
they're going to be running around here
any day
yeah they're for eggs Jamie
there's Babies
yeah I mean you you have to keep it like
that though
um
LOL
but this room is hot in of itself I
think this room is like in the 70s
7 out of 25 survived USPS yeah should
not be a lot that's absolutely insane
you put the feeder water on a riser you
won't have to change them out 10 times a
day you know we did and it says
so outside we're gonna have them hanging
and use the PVC method
yeah I think with the water method we're
going to use is
awesome I'll show you
poultry cups
they're called little Clunkers low
clocks
I think once all of these uh birds are
outside this is what we're gonna do on a
bucket
and I'm a bucket
yeah you can oh you drill a hole in the
bucket
um
yeah it just fills up with water and
then we're gonna
it runs out it goes up
the water runs out oh
I think that's what it is
yeah so rabbit water too we might try
that as well
you know how they have to stick their
beaks up to it yeah a little ball
oh
where did you get your overalls
Duluth Trading Company you know why you
shouldn't buy them it's not like a style
choice they just are broken every single
pair of Illinois yeah it they they're
crummy it's probably easy fix but not
even just that but all the buttons are
broken too like it's just not that cold
a two liter bottle fits the rabbit water
thingy
I just thought he's trying to look
casual they said
nipple waters are the way to go with
hens
the water stays so much cleaner they
said we'll probably do that yeah
you ready
is it 90 what is the temperature what
does it need to be for them
it needs to be like yeah
can you Google exactly what it should be
for quail
thank you baby
look at this little guy's nose
that was bloody
yes they are definitely curious they
come in here and
the breeder plate okay you guys ready
I'm not so here's the concern and I'm
sorry I don't know what to do about it
you guys oh wait
oh wait
we're gonna have to wait
another one hatching
it's eat you guys
oh yeah it's easy
it'll be out soon
you guys
you want to set the thing up yes
oh
okay I'll get you a freaking
that felt like a movie moment didn't it
like
and like we didn't realize it almost
opened the door
all right let's get you a nice little
view of this little baby
sorry guys you're gonna have to wait a
little bit longer
too much
[Music]
this is
you know I think timing wise we actually
ended up being really good here because
I don't see that anyone else
has pipped
I actually think
if we
wait for eat
let baby hatch
that'll be the real the realistic amount
of ones that were that we're going to
hatch you know what I mean yeah that
I've seen moving that I've seen pipping
I feel like I'm just looking up at you
which one hi darling
oh honey
I'll move you
and dip your little beak
on our breakfast sorry breakfast
I did it's at 66 humidity
you did well we need more
Splat hatched April yes
over here in the corner that you guys
can't see
the beak when you take them out and you
put them in their brooder you dip their
beak in water so that they know where
the water is
physically sure
just want to make sure they know
that one's a struggle baby I kind of all
were to be honest that one's I feel like
more than the rest oh okay
but look at it
no they really are
like she just came out like an hour ago
and it's it'll be okay
sprayed splayed legs or spread a leg and
crooked toes
display leg is what it looks like yeah
yeah but the other ones kind of
self-corrected after we'll see I'll keep
a close eye on that one
we haven't moved anyone yet because as
we were about to I noticed that eat was
hatching
he zipped
bad positioning does this look bad
[Music]
do you guys not like this angle
okay I'm not gonna change it because
oh baby and look at your little flingy
legs
I'll help that baby you guys don't worry
[Music]
almost fully zipped
I'm gonna text my niece in case she's
not here
she'll want to see eat hatch
[Music]
get out of the way
come on guys over here
leave your body alone
both have to Bianca
we thought eat was going to be first and
eat a stinking last
you got it little baby you're almost out
like oh I'm gonna Peck you so hard when
you get born oh look at him helping hey
helping I guess is that I think that is
you're not my real dad
I don't think so Shelby I I can't say
but none of the others have like
Pips or Zips or any indication that
there's anything going on with them so
once eat hatches
I feel comfortable
opening the brooder I I didn't want to
do it before the majority we're still
gonna let the others sit in here
you got it baby
I'll climb over it just go around
I think he's a dark color
foreign
[Music]
you're the darkest one of all you're
like a black one
oh my goodness
I was not recording that on my phone oh
my God
I'm such a boomer I was trying to record
that whole thing and I didn't record it
was on the live stream
we'll be able to tell them apart
okay
[Music]
see it's a goth Queen
finally a recognizable one you're right
about that my gosh
oh his legs are black oh but
[Music]
but don't mean
sorry guys it's brutal
[Music]
happy birthday Elena thank you thank you
so much
oh my gosh I think I missed another
Super Chat
I'm so sorry if I missed yours
yeah they're mean you guys but they'll
they'll figure it out
they're like oh my God my dinner just
hatched oh my God
he hatched nice
wanna come see he's fully dark
it's a completely different looking than
the rest of them look at him oh wow he's
a tiny little too he might be the small
Stone of all the babies yeah you said
that about all of them when they hatch
that's
that was quick
yes
that was great 72 hours
welcome to the world it's terrible out
here
oh we could give him a second to get his
bearings nope
welcome there
laughs
and you put a little of that
I feel like the
Pine shavings are so big compared to
these guys
I don't know what they're used to right
now
Mr Super Chat
two
for little chick feed oh Jamie thank you
so much you're so sweet that was Lena
yeah she said happy birthday eat
blue splay leg I think it's Loa
I might be wrong though
maybe you guys know
Leanna hope she sees it what is it
I think it was the Super Chat
um you guys don't worry I'm gonna help
that little baby
I'll help display like one lower
it's already yeah
one of the other ones had it yesterday
I don't see any other stuff
[Music]
foreign
yeah that's what causes it apparently is
this type of flooring yeah good thing to
make
Zach and I have already talked about how
it's not cool that they make these out
of like a soft or a slippery material to
where they splay I know why they do but
it's easier to clean obviously but just
put some freaking next time if we were
to do this I'm gonna put some
silicone
so let's chats down
we're learning
oh
what was that that was all the Emojis
tasting is that the person's name you
wait
oh tasting thank you thank you so much
that's cute
I like tried to click it like a boomer
because it had the dot dot dot so
thank you this has been an amazing
experience thank you thank you guys so
much for being here yeah you guys are so
awesome you absolutely do not have to be
super chatting we do appreciate you so
much we're reading your comments even if
you don't super chat or could you use
lines of hot glue for grip yeah I think
you totally could I think we're just
gonna cut up where to sacrifice one of
the soap at so we don't use already I
just didn't realize
like I guess that it can cause injury I
thought maybe it might slip but I didn't
know it would cause injury
this is all a learning experience we're
learning of
the things that worked really well and
things that we're gonna change I don't
know you would think that an incubator
company would think about these things
but I guess okay so here's what we're
gonna do you guys brooder is ready it's
97.5 degrees under the heat light that
seems pretty good
Oh Susanna tuition for my Quail hatching
page thank you so much Emily this has
been absolutely incredible thank you so
much what a beautiful Community oh thank
you so much
yeah it's um it's really lovely to have
you guys here I mean what are we going
on is this day 10.
oh my God thank you uh who is the other
one
Lisa thank you so much Linda thank you
so much for sharing your babies
Thank you Lisa Linda Zachary
okay so here's what we're gonna do
we are going to move the fluffy babies
to their new home
we will flip the camera while we do it
I'm not wearing a bra whatever
yeah ain't nobody gonna see that yeah
I'll put it on here
um you guys we will
put you on the stump
yeah it looks good it's like I've been
in there waiting thank you guys all for
being in here yeah this is so great we
had fun I had a lot of fun I think we
all collectively learned a little bit
about quail we learned ourselves along
the way
uh that is not gonna work I'll just
stand it on the ground
too small
yes it is
okay
are we gonna put them under the brooder
plate oh gosh
Samantha thank you so much for sharing
all this with us thank you guys for
being here okay thank you so much oh my
gosh thank you guys all so much
all right yours ready
uh we should dip their beaks so I'm
gonna put I'm gonna pick them up
we can dip the beaks out for me yeah I'm
gonna dip them immediately Maya schmayak
for the quail feeding cake pop budget
thank you so much for sharing this
experience with no cake pops ever again
here's what I'm gonna say we should just
get them all in there so we can close up
the incubator as fast okay okay and then
we can worry about dipping their beans
okay
okay you guys ready
yes eat hatched
I'm gonna get you in a good position
ready
I'm gonna grab them okay which ones
let's let's figure out which ones you
can just tell they'll be running okay
are they scared yes they don't like you
they love me I'm their mother
because it'll be
for a second
oh my God they weigh nothing they weigh
nothing
they feel like you're holding a leak oh
my God
I would take Square leg okay
even though he's not fully dry and he's
new is he new yeah
just give him something I'll give him
something
um
yeah I'll put something down
he jumped
the other one which one this one
and I think
maybe this one but I'm not sure
machine for a second guys
whoa Kelly
a hundred dollars oh my gosh Kelly Kelly
you did not have to do that a small
thank you for everything
holy moly you did not have to do that
thank you so much I'm like a small thank
you my
booty
they are like my two guys they're
absolutely teams they're the mice of the
third world oh my God Kelly you did not
have to do that I'm sure I missed some
super chats if I did I'll try to go back
to you guys I'm sorry I just left the
occupied right now one immediately ran
into that food dish and went in it
is he out now yeah okay
14 is food dish is too big
uh yeah
oh it's too tall I see what you're
saying yeah
it's kind of different
yeah that's perfect
hey little babies that one's still a
little bit wet I feel bad I didn't
realize
well it's it is warm in there still
okay sweetie
oh yummy
oh my God the shadow of them on the
outside is the cutest thing you've ever
seen guys I need you guys to understand
like holding them like look how small
hard to hold them because they're so
small
[Music]
God they're like mice
they're like mice babies that's how
small they are
they're already eating
what if you're scared come on
towards the big scary lady
I'm just gonna leave you alone I feel
like I gotta I gotta have more of a
system if I'm gonna dip their beaks babe
they're just they're so fast not like
chickens
if you want me to grab these ones on
this way it's like I have to have like a
barrier that I can set them on the other
side once they're dipped you know what I
mean yeah
this way you want to go under your
brooder
yeah 96.8
you know they're kind of unlike chicks
in the way that they don't like cuddle
like the chicks all hang out together
these guys are all like bye
I think they will cuddled there's just
not enough of them in there right now
they're trying to find Mommy
screaming for Mom
dip them in the water oh he's falling
asleep standing up
okay okay sorry
I'm not messing I'm trying to get him
under the heat lightning oh
I'm trying to show them where the warmth
is
well that full area is pretty warm
okay okay come on over Dude
instead of screaming just walk
is it pointing towards them can they see
the babies
sorry about the shaking
come on it's pointed towards the heat
like sort of yeah
okay
I'm gonna need the sawdust silly
I'm gonna put a little piece of paper
towel under display leg
yeah it's in the incubator still because
he's not he's not dried off completely
and we're trying to she's gonna put a
little paper towel in there right now
for him to try to get some grip and
hopefully
help this little legs
I think there's is there three in there
right now or four
yeah there's four in the incubator still
because
we don't uh five oh there's five in the
incubator she said we don't want to
bring them out too early we want to let
them dry off
I set them on a piece of paper towel
hoping it gives them a little more grip
he's already not slipping his legs are
still displayed
foreign
all right guys well that's the brooder
we're gonna yeah we're gonna move it
back to the incubator right now
and hopefully
these guys
dry off a little bit get their strength
[Music]
sorry I screwed it up
she zoomed again
[Music]
yeah I just sprayed a little bit of
water in the back so
Community gone
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
oh well
play leg it might help you
here's display leg right here I put a
piece of paper towel in for him I
honestly I'm gonna just say I don't
think any more eggs are gonna hatch
this is I can't remember which one was
that and this one is eat right here hey
I wanted to say
um if any of you oh bye Randy um if any
of you guys did a Super Chat and I
didn't respond to it I'm very sorry
um you didn't have to do that I'm very
very appreciative I'm very sorry
um I know that we were kind of running
in and out so I didn't have my eyes on
the
um
I have my eyes on the screen all the
time so I think I might have missed some
and I like to read them all aloud I'm
very sorry if I missed yours I want to
apologize
PJ mommy please read your message above
let me see I'm trying to scroll back my
phone is
it will the paper towel not mess with
the humidity in the incubator I do this
with salad and it draws the moisture
slowly maybe maybe that's a good idea
maybe I should Spritz it or something I
don't know I probably should take it out
I I don't know
Google spradle Christy sprattle need to
put the legs in position and wrap with a
Band-Aid or hair tie
okay I will do that
I'm gonna try to
oh there you guys I can't even describe
to you they're just so small I feel like
this is gonna be
I want you to let you know I don't think
Pine shavings are safe for chicks oh I
was told that's the only thing that's
safer chicks yeah
maybe it's not safe for quail chicks
[Music]
wood shavings are a good bedding for
quail chips
[Music]
Pine shavings are what's recommended
so I just want to let you know
Cedar's not good not good for anything
except for like outdoor furniture and
being awesome for being Brothers I use
puppy pads or paper towels for the first
week then sweep to swap to fine shavings
[Music]
thank you
a donut
there's no Donuts in here you've never
had a donut in your life
it's never had it or not
[Music]
what made you talk about Donuts
oh he was watching monster trucks and
they're talking about doing donuts I
think
and he's like can I have a donut
you see these These are the quail babies
they hatched out of their eggs
baby
[Music]
you guys we're in the big feelings um
stage of toddlerhood we're not getting a
donut makes you have a
meltdowns we don't have any it's not
something that you just have
those scissors are egg cutting scissors
and they're very sharp
would you like to eat some breakfast
[Music]
breakfast we already had a walk because
he's never eaten a donut in his entire
life he does I don't even know he knew
what they were
we don't have Bagels either I mean I
could go get him a bagel
but we don't have any
he's so funny because this last week he
couldn't have cared less about any of
this stuff and wouldn't have melted down
about any of it and now
just absolutely a mess
yes when they get fixated
I'm just gonna say it
I am
really upset that this one has splay
legs because I feel like
that's going to be really tough to take
care of I'm gonna watch some videos on
it I'm gonna watch one right now
actually
Quail splay legs
the train and receive additional
additional occasions to provide the
character
this person put him in a cup to get
their legs to go normal
I think I do Christina
okay here we are
um
then I tie them together
I leave the zip ties loose
I leave the two zip ties a little loose
piece of rope
put it back down in there and you'll
probably see it take off how this
morning that bird was completely swayed
out no zip ties and a little tiny piece
of string
itty bitty cabled zip ties
around it then take this lightweight
cotton
straight
and tie it together so you end up with
the buff only about a half inch in
between your two zip ties then the next
task is going to be trying to get it
around the quail
tighten it up just enough so it doesn't
come off but not too tight it should be
loose on there able to spin around
you're gonna find that's going to be the
most daunting task but I just wanted to
look at his legs a little loose
and then watch him run
how this morning effort was completely
straight out okay we'll have to head to
the store
what is my life
I'm over here fixing quails playlist
okay
I'm gonna have to go to the store get
some of those
ingredients and fix it
the zip tie method is tough the shot
glass glass method is easier
I mean as
do I put them in it now
do I just put him in a shot glass
Band-Aids
God you guys don't drown
you good
okay
our chickens hashtag Mama squid likes
not always down to the incubator okay
cut an inch or so of a straw put an
elastic to the piece
of straw on each foot
on the Buckle that comes out of each
side of the straw so it keeps the feet
under them and corrects the hip
oh I see I see what you're saying
I feel like the ties are more effective
because they let them run immediately
and adjust shot glasses stuck yeah
there is pebbles in our water Amanda
don't worry
there's no way they can drown
okay I'm gonna do I'm just gonna stick
to one method I'm gonna do the I was a
wildlife recover I can do this I fixed
bird legs all the time what we would do
for bird legs I'll draw it for you guys
nobody asked me to do this but
what we would do for bird legs is we
would
if they had an issue
we would
get like a piece of this would be like a
popsicle stick
and then you would like put their little
bird feet on it
because they would have like if they had
like curled Toes or whatever and you
would tape
their feet to the popsicle stick and
then they couldn't
um like here's their little body
and then they couldn't
get their feet their feet wouldn't splay
out their toes wouldn't curl and they
would wrap them like nicely around the
popsicle sticks so that's what kind of
what we would do for them so I've done
this with literally tiny little
songbirds I can do it with a
do it with a with a quail baby
we did we took
um how many did we take out one two
three four five six seven
eight nine ten I think we took ten out
I don't think we're gonna open the
unviable eggs you guys I feel I feel
horrible about that I don't want to see
like a dead baby
Nancy truly I asked myself this daily
let me wait to see if the rest will
hatch I think we're gonna wait till day
21 today is day 18.
[Music]
do you guys want to see these babies or
the babies in the brooder what do you
I'm gonna let you guys choose do you
want to watch these guys I don't think
anymore are gonna hatch or would you
like
I will I will use a shelf liner next
time or some um
silicone so pets breeder okay
oh sorry split screen I wish I could
inverter is new and fun yes yes you guys
can watch them eat
they are eating look at that
sorry buddy
I'm gonna fix you I just gotta go to the
Country Store and get you some
zip ties honey
uh I didn't dip everybody and Zach
dipped I think like five of them I
dipped three or two or three
um but they run away so fast so what I'm
gonna do is I'm gonna make sure
I'm going to put like a little barrier
in the they run away so fast these Quail
are freaking fast
okay you guys I'm gonna go um drink my
coffee I have a handy coffee yet and
then I'm gonna go run and get those zip
ties for the baby's legs so I can get it
taken care of ASAP
I'll be right back
thank you
foreign
I just have to dip their beaks you guys
because I need to make sure that all of
them know where the water is
and I'm just doing this little barrier
so I know who I've dipped and who I
haven't
sweetie hi oh my God
one dip
oh okay relax relax
chimney Christmas they are
they're so small that it's almost
impossible to hold them
yep
sorry sorry guys
no don't pass the barrier
don't pass the barrier no
five
I hate doing this this is my least
favorite part of doing with chickens too
six oh God
one two three four five six
seven
and actually I can tell that these three
oh I'm gonna sneeze
sorry oh my God that was violent
um I can tell that these three over by
the Light I might have pulled them out a
little bit earlier than they were
supposed to come
um no I'm gonna dip you because you're
up
sorry there you go
okay I know I know the other two
nine there you go sorry I'm so sorry
and I know you're sleeping sweetheart
what can I give you you look like you
need a little bit of water
10.
and then I'll set you by the water so
you know where it is okay
okay oh gosh there we go
slaughtered
all right 10 dips my friends
my God
oh they're drinking
these two are drinking
come here
there's some food I want you to try to
eat there you go
look at them eating
foreign
yes now you guys can see their size they
fit completely inside
does anyone here
anyone
have any success on getting toddlers to
eat
is going through this phase of not
wanting to eat and it is making me
it's making me like ragey
what's in this thing rocks in their
water so they don't drown
tell that it was a race to finish first
and the fact that it was a game that
they could win made them eat
okay
did I tried dipping his Peak dude I wish
I could
bite-sized finger foods my two-year-old
has been doing the same she prefers to
eat things she could pick up with her
hands
well same but he he won't eat anything
right now he won't he just says this is
what he says every time I offer him
something
I want to eat something else that's what
he says I want to eat something else
well that's that's really descriptive
buddy I don't know what that means
see here's my thing I'm trying to feed
him eggs toast
I'm trying to give him oatmeal berries
bananas I'm trying to feed them healthy
he's like I want cookies I want a dog
I'm very rarely given that stuff I mean
you know what it made such an impression
that he all he talks about is cake pops
I gave him one cake pop one time
it was over
I did that yesterday I let him help me I
let him help me cook
um he he wanted to help burritos you
guys remember if you guys were here last
night
will he point out what he wants yes and
it's chocolate chips I can hear him
screaming right now
I think maybe you give him too many
options maybe you sit down and eat
something it'll show interest in your
food oh man I tried that yesterday but
I'll try
hot cereal oh yeah that's a good idea
yeah if you ask him like what do you
want to eat a cookie you're like no
just waiting we'll ask for something
when he's hungry try smoothie for
vitamins maybe I'll try to go make him a
smoothie he's never eaten one has
refused every single one I've ever made
so let me just go do it okay I'm gonna
go try to make it exciting before I'm
gonna make a smoothie
I'll be right back
foreign
thank you
guys
I did it
thanks to your suggestions I made a
smoothie
the last five smoothies I made were not
a hit but today I called it a juicy
smoothie
and that that made a difference I was
like do you want to try a juicy smoothie
and he was like yeah and I was like do
you even know what it is it is so
delicious I made it sound like it was
the best thing in the whole world I was
like oh do you want to help me make it
he got all excited and I poured it all
in and it was so loud and then I was
like oh my gosh it tastes so good he's
out there chogging it and this has
raspberries strawberries blueberries
um kale spinach and banana
so
he's getting his vitamins in
I knew if I called it a smoothie it
wouldn't work but when I called it a
juicy smoothie
toddlers are hilarious like that
um because he tried lemonade that's what
he calls it lemonade because Mickey and
his Mickey book drinks lemonade
try putting the food items on sticks so
they seem to be like cake pops oh that's
a really good idea thank you I want a
juicy smoothie all right same
um
yeah kids don't like eating in the
morning see mine does he's so um
he has to eat or he gets extremely
emotional
is if he's not extremely emotional
already but
okay guys I'm gonna head to the store we
are making homemade
pasta sauce right now because we bought
um
local beef
we bought it in a huge huge huge huge
huge quantity dipping sticks in yogurt
and sprinkles when it's not working oh
that's a really good idea
um oh and I freeze dried some
strawberries I bet I could make or
freeze-dried raspberries I bet I could
powder them and make them look like
sprinkles too
I'm not trying to be a freak about like
nutrition and stuff like that but I I
like to eliminate
as much sugar as I can I try not to just
be like cookie Cookie Lady fruit on
sticks dipped in yogurt genius oh and I
bet if I froze it and then or like
dipping yogurt froze it a little bit and
then rolled it in like or sprinkled it
with um freeze-dried raspberries he
would think it was like a cake pop he
loves frozen fruit too like just eating
frozen fruit so that's a really good
idea
hi what do you have
what is this
juicy smoothie
thank you so much you really drink a lot
of your juicy smoothie
um
so yeah I gotta run to the store because
we had three bags of Frozen Tomatoes
um that Zach had to take out of their
freezer they were our Harvest from last
two years garden and he's gonna make
homemade tomatoes so I gotta go get
basil time all that kind of stuff what
did you what did you eat
what was it
okay a cake it was a juicy smoothie but
it was okay
juicy smoothie
I need chocolate covered strawberry cake
chocolate covered strawberry cake he
heard it first guys
[Music]
seven drops of Honey floating in a pot
thank you very much
[Music]
very good foreign
[Laughter]
honestly Mimi is such a good mom would
you like to see her
she's such a good mom that I could see
her being a baby chicken mom I could see
her being one of those cats that takes
care of me baby you can look at them
with our eyes but we cannot hold them
because we don't want to hurt them
they're very tiny
them well yeah we can
we just got oh yes you're petting the
side very gently
you see them they're sleeping
[Music]
so when did
Mommy eats him
eat some water
strawberries
well I don't have any but there's
strawberries in your juicy smoothie
[Music]
doing some yeah I'll drink some
mommy's gotta run to the store and get
some zip ties
yeah
yeah you can have a zip tie when I come
back
[Music]
oh no but those are arrows for our bow
and arrows
they're not safe to play with they're
too sharp
left
and I'm just sitting and watching the
chickens
just Show Mommy sings there's so many
things
so many Big scenes
pump the tire who need to call
pumpkin
please
mystery Mouse Couture
yeah yeah
wait wait
[Music]
yeah
oh
um did Mommy say you want to find it
Once Upon a Time
um
a big bus pumpkin baby was bonking and
then he heard a knock at the door who
was it boom boom boom
[Music]
Avery was making lemon zest
oh my goodness and then what happened
Avery ate the lemon zest oh my gosh was
it so sour
yeah oh my gosh
then what happened
mommy broke mommy broke
who do we need to call to fix me
um
daddy daddy
[Music]
foreign
Maybe
okay
foreign
what do you think about the baby
chickens
[Music]
hey buddy let's get out of here and
let's go into the kitchen you want to
see Daddy making the tomato sauce
[Music]
go out let's go
I know you want to aren't you but we
need to go let's go
let's go
yeah
listen Thunder
foreign
fish
all right
foreign
why don't you guys tell me I left my
phone in there
my backpack is
um it's in the car I thought it wasn't
remember yesterday we went out maybe it
is back there
okay I'm gonna head out okay
is it too hot I'm not sure
I got you spoiled egg I got you baby
97.9
4 to the side so at least I'm gonna like
a little hot and
hotties
I think the paper towel is absorbing all
the moisture
can I take it out
he's really struggling okay
all right I'll see you later okay
wow
how those rocks are putting in workers
[Music]
foreign
age
okay
foreign
thank you
[Music]
foreign
kind of the best angle we can get right
now
[Music]
and there's a couple angle or there's a
couple eggs out of
uh frame but there's nothing
there's not enough room in this
area
to allow for me to get a better angle
but not really
set up to be gone so Christy ran to
yeah we just tried to open the burger as
quick as possible and close it back up
that way we don't kill any of the eggs
that haven't hatched
that's more important
um than cleaning up the mess
[Music]
yeah Christy's gonna have to she is
gonna get get some uh stuff to help this
guy's little legs
[Music]
uh the paper towel was
not working I mean you can't really keep
the chick on the paper towel for one
we don't really have the
ability to like control
these guys
[Music]
it just kind of is what it is until she
gets back and tries the little zip tie
trick that she learned put those that
tie on their leg and it kind of holds
their legs together so they can stand
better and then
it helps but there's nothing really
that can be done like if that doesn't
work
um
yeah it'll either just get better or it
won't
but yeah it's kind of like
you want to be able to do all the things
like it'd be great if we could clean up
all the other eggs and do that but you
kind of just want to get it done as fast
as possible because the longer you leave
the incubator open the more likely that
the eggs that haven't hatched will for
sure die
um
yeah and the more likely that the ones
that are hatched and still wet in there
might die as well
so you don't want to do that
and
we don't want to put too much stuff on
the floor of the incubator like paper
towels and
other stuff because they can get caught
up in it or tangleholder your little
toenails can get caught it's just not
really
I don't know
you get a
just weigh your options
[Music]
most of the ones I've seen have
they're set like this they're just
plastic on the bottom with holes
um I'm sure there's different models
that work better but
we got one on Amazon so
it just you know it's all a learning
experience we've never done it before we
don't know all the risks you can't know
everything until you start doing some
even then you're I'm sure there's
farmers who have been farming for
20 years that are still learning so
[Music]
yeah there's five in there right now
all right guys
you need to keep an eye on
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
here
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]
thank you
foreign
[Music]